# BotDGT: Dynamicity-aware Social Network Bot Detection with Dynamic Graph Transformers
Implementation for the paper "BotDGT: Dynamicity-aware Social Network Bot Detection with Dynamic Graph Transformers". 

[IJCAI Official Version](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.24963/ijcai.2024/646) 

BotDGT is a framework that leverages the dynamic nature of social networks to enhance the graph-based bot detection methods.

## Requirements
* torch-geometric==2.1.0
* torch==1.13.0

## Quick Start

### Dataset Preparation
The original datasets are available at [Twibot-20](https://github.com/BunsenFeng/TwiBot-20) and [Twibot-22](https://github.com/LuoUndergradXJTU/TwiBot-22). 

For Twibot-20:

1. Put `node.json` in the `\raw` folder. `node.json` is provided in the original dataset.

2. Put `train_idx.pt, test_idx.pt, val_idx.pt, label.pt, edge_index.pt, edge_type.pt, num_properties_tensor.pt, cat_properties_tensor.pt, tweets_tensor.pt and des_tensor.pt` in the `\processed` folder. These files are generated by the code available at [TwiBot-22/src/BotRGCN](https://github.com/LuoUndergradXJTU/TwiBot-22/tree/master/src/BotRGCN)

3. Run `preprocess.py` to generate the graph snapshots.

For Twibot-22:

The only difference is that Twibot-22 doesn't provide the `node.json` file. Instead, it provides `user.json`. So put the `user.json` in the `\raw` folder.

Other steps are the same as Twibot-20.

### Train and Test
```python
# For Twibot-20, run the following commands
python main.py --dataset_name "Twibot-20" --batch_size 64 --hidden_dim 128 --weight_decay 1e-2 --structural_learning_rate 1e-4 --temporal_learning_rate 1e-5
# For Twibot-22, run the following commands
python main.py --dataset_name "Twibot-22" --batch_size 256 --hidden_dim 64 --weight_decay 5e-2 --structural_learning_rate 5e-4 --temporal_learning_rate 5e-5

```

## Citation

If you find this work is helpful to your research, please consider citing our paper:
```bibtex
@inproceedings{he2024dynamicity,
  title={Dynamicity-aware social bot detection with dynamic graph transformers},
  author={He, Buyun and Yang, Yingguang and Wu, Qi and Liu, Hao and Yang, Renyu and Peng, Hao and Wang, Xiang and Liao, Yong and Zhou, Pengyuan},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence},
  pages={5844--5852},
  year={2024}
}